it wouldn't be cool if our duck and our
chick had a little baby because chuck or
dick hey hey hey listen I I need a favor
um I was in the shower and as I was
cleansing myself I well I felt something
was it like a sneeze only better no no I
mean I mean like a thing on my body but
why was it well I don't know it's kind
of in a place that's not it's not
visually accessible to me and I was
hoping maybe you guys could could help
me out
why come on you guys no big deal
huh what is it is it a mole no it's too
wrinkly to be a mole no is it what a
pimple
no it's fancier than a pimple look boss
once you just go
okay well it's definite two more weeks
of winter yeah right that's all it is a
third nipple
you know just your run-of-the-mill third
nipple yeah you can take it up just
slice that baby right off take your
shirt off and let's see what we're
dealing with here what are you doing
just showing you my run-of-the-mill
slice it right off third nipple
well that's not a third nipple Oh first
of all it's on your ass well then what
is it wait a minute hold it
Jensen will you come in here a moment
I'm with Hamilton he's good with weird
things bring him in too
you know I have dinner plans thank you
so much for coming on such a short
notice
ladies and gentlemen I've been
practicing medicine for 23 years and I'm
stumped
you must be Ross all right I am guru saj
is that I gotta tell you I've never been
to a guru before so well relax that
makes you feel any better I've attended
some of the finest medical schools in
Central America
well then let's take a look at the skin
abnormality of yours come on have a seat
yeah uh-huh
as I suspected it's a kundus what's a
kundus I don't know what's a kundus with
you please lie down
I got a sad that I ought to shrink that
right up oh I guess it's worth a try oh
sure we should see results whoa clearly
not the way to go
what what we appear to have anger ditch
we angered it oh I think I see the
problem and I'm afraid we're gonna have
to use a much stronger tool love Oh God
Ross there is absolutely no way this is
going to come off unless you start to Oh
oops what was what was that well it's
gone
how's that got cut uh my watch